After reaching the market
I will tell you who I am
Ninja's Ghost Walk has suddenly reached the highest level
This is the noise of the ninja god
true or false?
Sister, take the envelope with you
Let Miss Qin leave with the contents of the envelope
You cover for Miss Qin again
Miss Qin
Please be sure to pass these letters to Daxia Guochu
Distance forest ceremony
We only have 27 hours left.
We're out of time.
One day and one night
You asked me to go to the Great Xia Empire to meet the king
That's right, my junior brother just saved your life
We only ask that you be the messenger
For the sake of saving me
I believe you for once
Well, it can't be delayed.
We're leaving now.
Ah!
Liao Fan, were you there just now?
Hmm, stop Mr. Gao
It's not what you think.
So be it, I promise you.
Help you get revenge
How did you agree so readily this time?
Compared to the goals that Imperial Preceptor Gao Xiaoyun wants revenge for
Just ants
Nothing. Have you figured it out?
Let me guess
Those remnants will definitely be taken into the forest ceremony
Executed on the spot
Let's go together
King Chen told you, yes
But you don't have to catch them one by one.
Ouyang Tomb Presiding over the Runling Ceremony
I guess it's all gone.
Mr. Gao and Mr. Sun can't wait
So I called him in.
Mr. Gao, I just got the news
Ouyang Tomb asked me to take you and Mr. Liao tomorrow
Go to the Mausoleum Ceremony
Ouyang Tomb is under that person
The imperial master above ten thousand people
That's a great blessing.
Mr. Song, we were invited by name
If you don't go
Go out and kill without mercy